[13.0][ADD] purchase_requisition_grouped_by_procurement: This module allows you to group procurements in the same purchase requisitions according to procurement group. (#1345)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_requisition_grouped_by_procurement/README.rst

   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/purchase_requisition_grouped_by_procurement
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-13-0/purchase-workflow-13-0-purchase_requisition_grouped_by_procurement
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module allows you grouped by purchase requisitions according to procurement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows you to group procurements in the same purchase requisitions according to procurement group.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to **Purchase > Products > Product**
#. Create a storable product and set "Procurement" to "Propose a call for tenders" ("Purchase" tab) and set "Routes" to "MTO" + "Buy" ("Inventory" tab).

> #. Create another product the same as the previous one.

Reviewer: Put this in the configuration.
